W-14069450-botsessioninformation-se (#293)
mulesoft/docs-rpa: rpa-manager/modules/ROOT/pages/processmonitoring-stream.adoc

* Only productive processes for which at least one configuration has been created and for which you are a member of the process team are displayed.
* Check xref:processautomation-deploy.adoc#runconfig-execution-enabletaskbar[*Enable Taskbar (Start menu, taskbar buttons)*] in the run configuration to view the desktop of the computer that runs the process. Otherwise, a black screen is shown.

> * xref:rpa-bot::configuration.adoc#session-settings[*Send images for process streaming*] must be enabled in the RPA Bot Configurator on the computer, where the process runs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You must enable xref:rpa-bot::configuration.adoc#session-settings[*Send images for process streaming*] in the RPA Bot Configurator on the computer where the process runs.
```

Author: The reader cannot enable this himself
